All right so we are doing this for the comments form and we need to check it out.
We need to check it out on the home page and see if we get any arrows.
Let's just click here.
Enter refresh whatever you want to do.
And yes we do have some undefined arrays there.
And if I end it that's a that's what I mean.
So our polls is undefined for because it's all right curly brackets and curly brackets make sure you
close it because this if statement if it doesn't work is going to be assigned is.
And right now we don't have any data coming in from anywhere on this.
And that's why we need to check it first.
Right.
If it's set then you can pull the data.
If it's not said Don't even try it.
All right.
So we got that this make sure.
Anything else this is good this is good.
This is good.
Insert into common pulls Id make sure we have all the coal mines.
Right come in day it was good to me.
All right.
Coming out are the common content on improve now function and oh.
We are missing this one here.
So make sure you put the parentheses there.
And let's go ahead and try to send these data.
Let's first check our page first to see if the arrows are gone.
And yes they are perfect.
We are awesome right.
We are doing great.
And let's actually create a query right now so let's say create comment Querrey and send it in.
Whoops.
Come on my ask you.
Kohary dot com.
No I'm joking.
And we're going to send it in what the connection and what else we send in the query.
That's right as I'm saying.
What next.
And I really mean what.
Because I forget.
So I don't think it's because I wanted you to know is unties I really actually.
I'm asking you.
I'm just joking.
I know it all the time.
All right.
So let's do a test for this here and let's say if it's not Querrey rived this doesn't work just if it's
not.
Yes.
Just give me a narrower sentence so that I know what fits.
We love arrows right because it makes things interesting where we failed.
I don't know who likes everything perfect.
I don't I don't like everything.
Perfect.
It would be too boring.
My ask you like Error imagine if life was just perfect that would just make it really really boring
everything would be the same right.
Everything is predictable.
That's why life is so fun.
Things are unpredictable.
Well that's my opinion.
You can make a discussion about it if you want to talk or debate about it but that's my opinion.
All right.
So I think we're good here.
Let's check it out.
All right perfect.
Let's make this a little smarter.
I'm sorry about that.
Sometimes I change resolution on my monitor and because I have a huge monitor in front of me for my
main monitor.
Things get complicated.
Enter And we don't have any errors.
Great.
Let's call this guy where we want to call this guy this.
Why does he have to be a guy let's just name it girl's name.
This name is Cindy.
This name her Cindy Cindy.
And this just seeing the has a e-mail which is pretty cool.
Cindy back home.
Wow.
Let's make sure we spell it right though and then just spending spending Cindy like this there all of
the ways of spelling it and say hey Edwin you rock
are you Mary.
Come on Cindy.
Don't ask me that.
So admit it.
And we have no arrows here.
Perfect.
Let's go back and let's refresh.
Yes.
He came in and came in with the polls.
I the meaning that the polls say is wrong.
We're going to go back and fix this.
It came in with Ron Paul's I.D..
Actually no no no no he came in with the right idea I'm looking at the wrong call and yes says we're
good.
All right.
We came he came in.
This is actually a common ID.
And then the post ID 34.
Yes.
Coming on the e-mail the comment the is on proof and the day we rock.
Yeah.
Congratulate yourself if you drink wine.
Drink a little while we drink beer or beer.
And I'm going to celebrate too.
As a matter of fact my coffee's gone right now.
So anyway so we're going to cut this off right here because we made success.
And on the next one there I think let's go back here to admin and let's check chicken comments Ooh beautiful
right we got the comments showing right here.
Right.
E-mail an improved some title here we need to start.
We need to get rid of this on the next one there.
Let's make sure we get rid of this OK.
And we bring this dynamically with a title from the post and then we start taking care of this.
All right.
So take care.
Good job.
See you in the next lesson.